"The only true wisdom is in knowing you know nothing." - Socrates
"The unexamined life is not worth living." - Socrates
"I think, therefore I am." - René Descartes
"The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall." - Nelson Mandela
"To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"He who is brave is free." - Seneca
"The purpose of our lives is to be happy." - Dalai Lama
"In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life: it goes on." - Robert Frost
"Life is what happens when you're busy making other plans." - Allen Sanders
"The only thing we have to fear is fear itself." - Franklin D. Roosevelt
"The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today." - Franklin D. Roosevelt
"You must be the change you wish to see in the world." - Mahatma Gandhi
"The only source of knowledge is experience." - Albert Einstein
"In the end, we will remember not the words of our enemies, but the silence of our friends." - Martin Luther King Jr.
"Two things are infinite: the universe and human stupidity; and I'm not sure about the universe." - Albert Einstein
"The more I read, the more I acquire, the more certain I am that I know nothing." - Voltaire
"The only way to do great work is to love what you do." - Steve Jobs
"A wise man learns more from his enemies than a fool from his friends." - Baltasar Gracián
"I am the wisest man alive, for I know one thing, and that is that I know nothing." - Plato
"The purpose of our lives is to add value to the people of this generation and those that follow." - Buckminster Fuller
"The mind is everything. What you think, you become." - Buddha
"What we think, we become." - Margaret Thatcher
"The greatest happiness you can have is knowing that you do not necessarily require happiness." - William Saroyan
"It is the mark of an educated mind to be able to entertain a thought without accepting it." - Aristotle
"We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit." - Aristotle
"The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today." - Franklin D. Roosevelt
"Do not wait to strike till the iron is hot, but make it hot by striking." - William Butler Yeats
"Do not seek to follow in the footsteps of the wise; seek what they sought." - Matsuo Basho
"To live is the rarest thing in the world. Most people exist, that is all." - Oscar Wilde